Update docs with the pager usage part (#5495)
aws/aws-cli: awscli/topics/config-vars.rst

-------------------- -------------- --------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------
ca_bundle            --ca-bundle    ca_bundle             AWS_CA_BUNDLE         CA Certificate Bundle
-------------------- -------------- --------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------
parameter_validation N/A            parameter_validation  N/A                   Toggles parameter validation
-------------------- -------------- --------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------
tcp_keepalive        N/A            tcp_keepalive         N/A                   Toggles TCP Keep-Alive
-------------------- -------------- --------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------
max_attempts         N/A            max_attempts          AWS_MAX_ATTEMPTS      Number of total requests
-------------------- -------------- --------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------
retry_mode           N/A            retry_mode            AWS_RETRY_MODE        Type of retries performed
-------------------- -------------- --------------------- --------------------- ----------------------------

> N/A                  --no-cli-pager N/A                   N/A                   Disable output to pager

Reviewer: For the columns, I think we should fill this out with the other configuration options so for the first column it would be `cli_pager`, the third `cli_pager`, and the fourth `AWS_PAGER`. Then for the description we can set it as `Redirect output to a pager`

Author: I was thinking about it. But `--no-cli-pager` works slightly different than the rest it doesn't `Redirect output to a pager`

Reviewer: How about `Redirect/Disable output to a pager` then? This table is used for more general configuration options so if the pager functionality is included in this table it should included the config variable and environment variable.

with default encoding ``CP1252``, setting ``AWS_CLI_FILE_ENCODING=UTF-8`` would
make CLI ignore locale encoding and open text files using ``UTF-8``.

Pager
-----

AWS CLI uses pager for output data that don't fit on the screen.

> By default if on Linux/MacOS, use ``less`` as the pager on Windows

Reviewer: Let's reword this to: "If on Linux/MacOS, `less` is used as the default pager. On Windows, the default is `more`."

by default use ``more``

>     You can override the default pager with the following configuration

Reviewer: I think it may make sense to break some of these paragraphs into their own subsubsection. So for this one, we can label it `Configuring pager` instead of having to rely on block quotes. So:
```
Configuring pager
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You can override the default pager with the following configuration options. The order of precedence is:

* ``AWS_PAGER`` environment variable
* ``cli_pager`` shared config variable
* ``PAGER`` environment variable

```

    options. These are in order of precedence:
    ``AWS_PAGER`` environment variable
    ``cli_pager`` shared config variable
    ``PAGER`` environment variable

If you set any of the configuration options to an empty string

> (e.g. ``AWS_PAGER=""``) or use ``--no-cli-pager`` option in the command line the

Reviewer: I think it would be good to show the example on how to set the pager off for a profile and also for all profiles here.

CLI will not send the output to a pager.

>     If ``LESS`` environment variable isn't set CLI set it to ``FRX`` (see "less" manual

Reviewer: Similar to a previous comment, instead of using block quotes, let's make this a new subsubsection `Pager settings`

with default encoding ``CP1252``, setting ``AWS_CLI_FILE_ENCODING=UTF-8`` would
make CLI ignore locale encoding and open text files using ``UTF-8``.

Pager
-----

> AWS CLI uses pager for output data that don't fit on the screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AWS CLI uses a pager for output that does not fit on the screen.
```

> If on Linux/MacOS, ``less`` is used as the default pager. On Windows,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Linux/MacOS, ``less`` is used as the default pager. On Windows,
```

> the default is ``more``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the default is ``more``.
```

Configuring pager
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can override the default pager with the following configuration
options. These are in order of precedence:

    ``AWS_PAGER`` environment variable

    ``cli_pager`` shared config variable

    ``PAGER`` environment variable

If you set any of the configuration options to an empty string
(e.g. ``AWS_PAGER=""``) or use ``--no-cli-pager`` option in the command line the

> CLI will not send the output to a pager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AWS CLI will not send the output to a pager.
```

Examples
""""""""

> To disable pager for ``default`` profile:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable the pager for ``default`` profile:
```

    aws configure set cli_pager "" --profile default

> To disable pager for all the profiles in current terminal session:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable the pager for all profiles in the current terminal session:
```

    export AWS_PAGER="" - for Linux

    set AWS_PAGER="" - for Windows cmd

> To disable pager for one command call:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable the pager for one command call:
```

    aws <command> <sub-command> --no-cli-pager

Pager settings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If ``LESS`` environment variable isn't set CLI set it to ``FRX`` (see "less" manual

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the ``LESS`` environment variable is not set the AWS CLI will set it to ``FRX`` (see "less" manual
```

page for more information about possible options https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/less.1.html)
in order to set the appropriate flags. If you set the ``LESS`` env var, we will
not clobber it with ours (e.g. ``FRX``). Be aware that different shells can

> have different default values for ``LESS`` environment variable that can cause

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
have different default values for the ``LESS`` environment variable that can cause
```

> unexpected behavior of CLI output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unexpected behavior of AWS CLI output.
```

You can also set flags when specifying the pager and those will combine

> with any env vars we set (e.g. ``AWS_PAGER="less -S"`` will essentially make it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with any environment variables we set (e.g. ``AWS_PAGER="less -S"`` will make it
```

> less ``-FRXS``). The combining flags behavior is builtin into less.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
less ``-FRXS``). The behavior of combining flags is a feature of ``less``.
```

with default encoding ``CP1252``, setting ``AWS_CLI_FILE_ENCODING=UTF-8`` would
make CLI ignore locale encoding and open text files using ``UTF-8``.

Pager
-----

The AWS CLI uses a pager for output data that does not fit on the screen.

On Linux/MacOS, ``less`` is used as the default pager. On Windows,
the default is ``more``.

Configuring pager
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can override the default pager with the following configuration
options. These are in order of precedence:

    ``AWS_PAGER`` environment variable

    ``cli_pager`` shared config variable

>     ``PAGER`` environment variable

Reviewer: Can we use bullet points here for the listing precedence instead of a block quote? So:
```
* ``AWS_PAGER`` environment variable
* ``cli_pager`` shared config variable
* ``PAGER`` environment variable
```
The format looks weird as a block quote otherwise

If you set any of the configuration options to an empty string
(e.g. ``AWS_PAGER=""``) or use ``--no-cli-pager`` option in the command line the
AWS CLI will not send the output to a pager.

Examples
""""""""

> To disable the pager for ``default`` profile:

Reviewer: We should make these examples use code blocks. You should be able to do that by using double colons (e.g. `::`) instead of a single colon for each example.
